Tips To Keep In Mind While Designing Your Boardroom 
 

Here's the thing about first impressions - you never get a second chance to make them. Designing your boardroom - the epicentre of all negotiations in your company - based on what you think may cost you in the long run. Even if you have been able to effectively fit-out an office that your employees love, your conference room needs keen attention if you want to give your clients the notion that your company pays attention to detail and quality. Are you planning a design for that meeting room? 
According to <a href="https://iconinteriors.net.au/">Office Fitouts</a>, here are tips you should bear in mind all the way.  
 

 

Design According To Function 

Because design heavily depends on whether the conference room is enclosed and formal or open and informal tailored for impromptu meetings, you will need to have in mind that the model you settle for should be according to what you have. The size of the table should determine by the size of the room and how many people will be seated during meetings. If the boardroom is multi-functional, then you might want to consider touching all aspects of the purpose with your design. With the aid of modern designs, you can tailor the meeting room to be casual and professional at the same time.  
 

 

Lighting and Audio-Visual  

Lighting, TV and IT integrations are essential in making the conference room look trendy yet professional. Should be TV flushed or streamlined on the wall of the room? Decide how and where you could mount projectors and HVAC equipment. Sometimes it is best to go natural with the lighting if the source is reliable. But for provisions in case of night meetings, you would also want to invest in artificial light too - not too bright, not too faint. Determine the slickest arrangement for all the equipment you would be bringing in and make sure the room is not jam-packed.  
 

 

Furniture  

Wooden, glass and metal furniture in that meeting room is the key to making it look straight-to-business. It all depends on the company if you want something casual or professional. The arrangement and aura around the boardroom should be a perfect fit for the values of your organisation is to uphold. Always remember that less more, because you don't want your clients stifling to get space because of the woodwork you've put all around. Even if you start with little furnishing, you can always add something later.  
 

 

Decor  

While it's great to have a keen eye for colours, it is essential to make your boardroom an array of trendy colours that hardly add up. Even so, don't adopt the bland model by making everything rather too monochrome. The best way to check all the boxes is to stick with muted, warm tones that don't just afford the meeting room some professionalism, but understated elegance. Pale green, taupe, grey and blue are examples of neutral colours you can use to make space look lively yet calm. 
 

 

 
